[Music]
My name is Nguyen Thi Huong, I am 73
years old and live at 132/20 Duong Van
Duong Street, Tan Quy Ward, Tan Phu District,
Ho Chi Minh City.
[Music]
I have been suffering from joint pain in my leg for
7 years now, making it difficult to walk. My leg is
normally covered with cartilage, a layer of cartilage that
cushions the joints, but it has
deteriorated so much that it's gone, eating away
at the bone, causing so much pain.
Sometimes, two or three times a year, it
swells up so badly that I can't walk. My body
aches so much that I ca
n't sleep. Sorry, I have diabetes, and
it's caused
other illnesses besides stomach problems.
I take too much medication and alcohol, and
I'm also forgetful because I take
too much medication to sleep. I ca
n't sleep, I'm so tired, and it affects my
heart. It's aching, it's causing heart palpitations. I'm tired, I have heart problems.
Five years ago, I had surgery to remove the cartilage,
but they wouldn't let me.  "
Grandma, it's anesthetic, not anesthetic, just
to relieve the pain in that area.
Now I see the powder floating around and I'm
so scared. My blood pressure is constantly going up to 19 or 20,
and my heart is beating erratically, it's been going on and
off from 8 am
until 12 noon. I'm so tired, they took me to the intensive care
unit, where I was given oxygen for three
days. They controlled it and
checked it again, trying to get
the disc implanted, but my heart was
beating erratically, going up to 80 or 90, and
I was 71 or 72. I could
n't control it anymore, so I couldn't have the surgery.
I had to accept it with fate.
Grandma, you know, I know, because I went
to Ba Vang Temple last night and also
visited it. The ladies staying here, the deputy head of
department here, she just saw me and when I came in, the weather changed and I
had a cold. She
said, 'What's wrong?
Why are you walking so unsteadily?' I told her I had
arthritis and she told me to go over there and get some
massage first. I followed her instructions."  Following
her, I saw that the collar was so good, so I was very happy
[music].
First, I have to perform the ritual first,
then I will pray and offer
incense to Huong Linh because
my karma is waiting for me to try to practice to
resolve my karma so that
my illness will lessen, then I will perform the ritual, I wo
n't get much. I encountered the wind
twice and it fell twice
[music].
These oil massage methods are to cure
Van, and many
people have used this oil massage method and
have recovered. Many people here are also
sick, they also go for oil massage, they are tired, they have colds, they
also have joint pain, but the pain is much milder than mine.
Personally, I find
it very good, but because I don't
have much time, I only massage a few times.
The first time, I went to Ms. Duyen to encourage her, and I was
all bruised. On this side, we are together, on
this side, the wood doesn't hurt, but it's
very swollen, but I see the result. Up to
60-70%, I can walk without a limp or leaning
anymore, and I feel so
happy that I said they would buy it.  The
lottery tickets are just money they pay, but
here I won gold, and my health is
much better now. I'm healthy, I can walk
straight ahead. I'll go to that lake,
finish it, and go
to one side, but I'm going very slowly, causing a lot of trouble.
The way they treat me here is even better than
family affection. It's truly a
golden heart, the affection of the ladies
in the department, the deputy head, and
the children here who are studying the Dharma. When I
go out on the street and see, "How are you, Grandma? Are you well?", "Are you
happy?", "Grandma and Grandpa?", it's
not like that. Today there's only a friend, 37 years old.
[Laughter] It's so
fun,
going to find this is very fun and beneficial.
Besides the spiritual aspect, I've learned and improved. The
lifestyle of the temple creates
morals for people, and I don't know
much else.
I just want to say thank you,
thank you, Master. I'm going back
here and living very well. Besides the
Master's teachings, I've
improved in my way of life and in my morality.
Secondly, my health is
abundant.  Thanks to Ms. Yen's oil washing method, may
Buddha bless Ms.
Yen with abundant health so that she can find three
ways to cure the yeast disease on her
feet, so that many people can benefit, just
like me.
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]